README.md, before:

# Easy Setup

Welcome to the Easy Setup extension! This extension simplifies the setup project process by providing a single command to create a new project.

## Features

- **Create a new project**: Create a new project with a single command.

Supported project types:

- **Angular**: Create a new Angular project.
- **React**: Create a new React project.
- **Vue**: Create a new Vue project.
- **Next.js**: Create a new Next.js project.
- **Express**: Create a new Express project.
- **Nest.js**: Create a new Nest.js project.

More features coming soon!

## Requirements

- **Node.js**: Ensure you have Node.js installed. [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **VS Code**: This extension is designed to work with Visual Studio Code. [Download VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Only tested on Windows at the moment. Please report any issues you encounter.

## Known Issues

- Adonis.js & Fullstack is not yet implemented.
- Next.js process loading for a long time due to the installation of dependencies (but it's working).

## Release Notes

### 0.0.4

- Add support Back-end projects (Express, Nest.js).

### Roadmap

- Add support for Adonis.js & Fullstack projects.
- Add status bar to show the progress of the project creation.
- Add support for more project types.
- Add more configuration options. (e.g. choose between npm and yarn)
- Test on other operating systems (Linux, MacOS).

## Commands

For now, the only command available is `Easy Setup: Create a new project`.

## How to use

1. Open the command palette by pressing `Ctrl + Shift + P`.
2. Type `Easy Setup: Create a new project` and press `Enter`.
3. Select the project type you want to create.
4. Enter the project name.
5. Wait for the project to be created.
6. Enjoy your new project!

## You can contribute!

This extension is open-source and available on [GitHub](https://github.com/MarvinBost/easy-setup)

**Enjoy using Easy Setup!**

## Contributors

- [Marvin Bost](https://github.com/marvinbost)

Commit message:

Rename extension to Project Launchpad and update README.md and package.json for version 0.0.5

README.md, after:

# Project Launchpad

Project Launchpad simplifies your workflow by offering an intuitive interface to quickly create new projects across various technologies. With just a few clicks, choose your framework, set options, and launch your project effortlessly.

## Features

- **Create a new project**: Create a new project with a single command.

Supported project types:

- **Angular**: Create a new Angular project.
- **React**: Create a new React project.
- **Vue**: Create a new Vue project.
- **Next.js**: Create a new Next.js project.
- **Express**: Create a new Express project.
- **Nest.js**: Create a new Nest.js project.

More features coming soon!

## Requirements

- **Node.js**: Ensure you have Node.js installed. [Download Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **VS Code**: This extension is designed to work with Visual Studio Code. [Download VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

Only tested on Windows at the moment. Please report any issues you encounter.

## Known Issues

- Adonis.js & Fullstack is not yet implemented.
- Next.js process loading for a long time due to the installation of dependencies (but it's working).

## Release Notes

### 0.0.5

- Changed the name of the extension to Project Launchpad.

### Roadmap

- Add support for Adonis.js & Fullstack projects.
- Add status bar to show the progress of the project creation.
- Add support for more project types.
- Add more configuration options. (e.g. choose between npm and yarn)
- Test on other operating systems (Linux, MacOS).

## Commands

For now, the only command available is `Project Launchpad: Create a new project`.

## How to use

1. Open the command palette by pressing `Ctrl + Shift + P`.
2. Type `Project Launchpad: Create a new project` and press `Enter`.
3. Select the project type you want to create.
4. Enter the project name.
5. Wait for the project to be created.
6. Enjoy your new project!

## You can contribute!

This extension is open-source and available on [GitHub](https://github.com/MarvinBost/easy-setup)

**Enjoy using Project Launchpad!**

## Contributors

- [Marvin Bost](https://github.com/marvinbost)
